.TH GAZEBO "1" "January 2011" "Gazebo 1.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
Gazebo - HPC Health Monitoring Software

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Gazebo is intended to be a suite of software tools that provide a framework to
monitor and report on the health of HPC systems. The Acceptance Testing Component
(ATC) is a set of scripts used to manage tests and report on their results.  
Reporting ranges from simple real-time test summaries to database-driven
dynamic graphing via a web browser.

See the README file in the docs directory for complete usage info.

.SH GETTING STARTED

\fB1) set environment variables \fR

  \fBGZHOME\fR  location of your local gazebo files: system definition file,
          configuration files, test suites, etc.

  \fBGZBIN\fR   location of Gazebo binaries

\fB2) run gzinstall\fR   install Gazebo stubs into this user space

.SH COMMONLY USED SCRIPTS

\fBatc_run\fR - Runs tests defined in test suites in GZHOME/submit_configs directory

\fBatc_results\fR - Summarize results
        
\fBatc_coverage\fR - show full node utilization

\fBatc_clean\fR - move DRM files and output log(s) to the proper results directories

\fBatc_testMgr\fR - feed system continuous stream of tests/jobs

\fBgzjobs\fR - show status of system jobs 
.PP

.SH AUTHORS
Written by Craig Idler, Rick Light, and Eugene Dougherty.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <gaz\-team@lanl.gov>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Disclaimer and Notice of Copyright 

Copyright (c) 2011, Los Alamos National Security, LLC
All rights reserved.

Copyright 2011. Los Alamos National Security, LLC. 
This software was produced under U.S. Government contract 
DE-AC52-06NA25396 for Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), 
which is operated by Los Alamos National Security, LLC for 
the U.S. Department of Energy. The U.S. Government has rights 
to use, reproduce, and distribute this software.  NEITHER 
THE GOVERNMENT NOR LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES 
ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY LIABILITY 
FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  If software is modified to 
produce derivative works, such modified software should be 
clearly marked, so as not to confuse it with the version 
available from LANL.

Additionally, redistribution and use in source and binary 
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided 
that the following conditions are met:

\-  Redistributions of source code must retain the
   above copyright notice, this list of conditions 
   and the following disclaimer.

\-  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the 
   above copyright notice, this list of conditions 
   and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

\-  Neither the name of Los Alamos National Security, LLC, 
   Los Alamos National Laboratory, LANL, the U.S. Government, 
   nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse 
   or promote products derived from this software without 
   specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC 
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC OR CONTRIBUTORS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.SH"SEE ALSO"
http://gazebo.lanl.gov
